# Vicky + Malvika 1:1 Catch-up Minutes

* [18 January 2022](#date-18-january-2022) 
* [11 January 2022](#date-11-january-2022)
* [14 December 2021](#date-14-december-2021)
* [30 November 2021](#date-30-november-2021)
* [23 November 2021](#date-23-november-2021)

## Date: 18 January 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling good to be on the same page as MOG and HM this week- definite push for us to start putting together roadmap type docs with the scientific leads of the partnership so we can plan for the year. 

### Project specific Reflection

Started off feeling on top of things this week and now slightly less! Putting together the expert panel agenda has made it clear that we're not quite aligned as a group with what we want out of the panel so need to work through this.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Helped the research leads with a letter to the editor they want to submit for a potential journal submission, helped HM with some funding call queries.

#### Who helped you this week?

AR helped me with what I needed to do for goatherding. HM helped me think about what other documents I need to put together for the partnership such as a comms plan.

#### What did you achieve?

* Have put together a presentation on slack for community management for this week's lab meeting
* Have started the expert panel agenda- needs sending out asap 
* Team charter should be finalised-ish by Friday

#### What did you struggle with?

* Expert panel agenda- need consensus by the end of the week!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Expert panel meeting is on Monday
* Once thats out the way, hoping to have time to start other documents- potentially a comms plan, stakeholder mapping.
* Also need to think about how to keep workshop community engaged, have dropped off a bit

#### Where do you need help?

* Have a meeting with EK next week on community Githubs and will also pick her brain on comms stuff as suggested by HM
* Perhaps some advice on how to keep workshop community engaged- am struggling for ideas at the moment

#### Any other topics

- Need to move next week's catchup! Will slack you


## Date: 11 January 2022

### Check-in ritual
Nice to be back! Feeling more settled and like I know a bit more what I'm doing now. 
- MS: Loving the new energy!

### Project specific reflection
All going well so far this year. Happy to have got the newsletter out this morning. Got a funding call Q&A session on Weds which will be a good opportunity to engage with the community and then should have some breathing space to finalise team charter etc with MG and HM before funding call closes and expert panel meeting at end of Jan.
- MS: Lots of applications are in the draft version. So amazing!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Helped expert panel with their COI forms and getting them added to the Turing site so they're represented on the Turing-Roche webpage.
- MS: It's been a quiet week! The expert panel seems like a proactive and interesting bunch of people.

#### Who helped you this week?

Comms/CRM team were very helpful and responsive in helping get the newsletter sign up form set up and working for Roche colleagues (a bit of troubleshooting needed). HM helping with small project queries as always.
- MS: Good job!

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent out a newsletter!
  * MS: super exciting to see the newsletter out!
* Made start on Genomics England doc
  * MS:  Notes below!
* Team charter doc basic draft in place
  * MS: Good job! Considering switching to GitHub is a good idea. Also really appreciate that you are already thinking about the expert panel's input on the roadmap.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Was lots of fiddly bits to make the newsletter work but now the template in place will be much easier next month.
  * MS: I have never used this before. Great work getting this sorted. I have signed up - maybe sign up for anyone from the leadership team. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* First time lab goatherding
  * MS: Amazing! Looking forward to hearing your take on Slack on CM.
* Getting team charter to a more finished state
  * MS: Really great to see you, HM and MOG are working so well. Looking forward to seeing these documents online.
* Start planning expert panel meeting
  * MS: Consider thinking about the event series with the members. 

#### Where do you need help?

* How to approach RM and AD to write genomics England piece 
  - MS: structure, timeline, allocate people to a topic, curate good examples from the portal

#### Any other topics

* Open life sci application ready to go- shall I submit or do you need to look at it?
  * MS: please go ahead and submit it, happy to review it directly there. 

## Date: 14 December 2021

### Check-in ritual
Enjoyed the chat with you and Kirstie last week about careers and the future!

### Project specific notes

* Has calmed down a bit with the workshops over and the funding call out- nice to have some breathing space!
* Have been trained on the website and have updated it. Have got training this week on the CRM so will be able to prepare a newsletter- will send out early January now. 
* Also putting together a team charter and documents for the expert panel.

### Reflection

#### Who did you help this week?

* I helped deliver events for the Roche community- faciliated the expert panel meeting and also ran a Q&A session for people who weren't able to attend the workshop.

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM checked in around the expert panel which was really nice. Kim helped train me on the website.
* You helped me with a lot of great context and content on the community training session.

#### What did you achieve?

* Facilitated the expert panel meeting
* Updated the Turing-Roche website
* Started preparing docs for expert panel
* Put together a draft document on opportunities to share with Roche community

#### What did you struggle with?

* Struggled thinking about best way to engage expert panel 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Draft the newsletter and template to have it almost ready to go for January (should take a few hours).
* Start on some of the assignments from the community training

#### Where do you need help?

* Finalising the opportunities document to send to the Roche data community

#### Any other topics

- N/A


## Date: 30 November 2021

### Check-in ritual
Meeting everyone yesterday 

### Project specific notes

- Workshop tomorrow
- Team charter (stakeholder mapping) planning with MO this week
- Setting up shared resources (GD, GitHub etc.)
- Expert panel advisory board meeting on Monday (recruitment from both the Turing and Roche)
- Coworking and post selection plans

### Reflection

#### Who did you help this week?
- Helped attendees find groups to present with (spreadsheet was useful)
- AR in getting oriented at workplace

#### Who helped you this week?

- AB and SB ran a workshop on GitHub project management feature (linking public and private repo)
- MO in helping with team charter and agenda
- The first draft will be shared with the board on Monday and will be shared for suggestion on success, scope, risk etc.

#### What did you achieve?

* Coworking calls were good, the format from The Turing Way worked well
* Getting the charter sorted
* Started to think about comms and processes

#### What did you struggle with?

* Scope of expert panel 
    * Doing an icebreaker on Monday to get to know

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Looking forward to the training on 13 Dec
- Started to think about mailing list and newsletter
- Website content revision
- Preparing for the Q&A calls on Monday
    - Format, video, recording from the session
- Revisit the agreement document and see if the timeline needs to be revised
- Newsletter rounding up the Turing-Roche partnership update
    - Scope: Who is and isn't able to sign up?

#### Where do you need help?

* Check with Arielle if TPS newsletter if for internal only
* Setting GitHub repos for the project

#### Any other topics

- Looking forward to projects getting funded
- Building bridge between the Turing and Roche Data Science Community
- Data Study Group


## Date: 23 November 2021

### Check-in ritual

### Before this call

### Agenda and Notes

#### Who did you help this week?

- AH in setting meeting.
- Helping out attendees.

#### Who helped you this week?

- AR in adding illustrations in a chapter
- CH in bouncing off ideas

#### What did you achieve?

* Submitted SMART objective
* Ran the second workshop - hopin was useful for floating around the rooms, white board worked during the day.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Being unaware of what happens in each room is a bit of challenge

#### Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. 
 Currently planning for Roche workshop 3. Have a couple of optional co-working sessions for attendees this week and early next- think seeing how attended these are will be a useful temperature of current level of engagement. Have started stakeholder/contact mapping and have a good list of what I think may need setting up e.g newsletter- but don't feel at the point that I can 'start' any of these actions just yet.

#### Since last week, review progress youâ€™ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?
Have put together a 'to-do' document which has helped focus my thinking on what is needed for the partnership going forward. Also did an Open canvas. Am slightly nervous about ensuring attendees are in working groups for the workshop 3 presentations as not much response so far.

#### Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.
Nothing comes to mind for now.

#### Anything else:
Can you have a public Github but make some documents on it private? Still thinking about where to store Turing-Roche documents going forward

Would like to know how much you involved comms/events in stuff like the Book Dash?

### After this call

N/A



## TEMPLATE: Date: YYYY-MM-DD <-- Please update

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. *
(Since last week, review the progress youâ€™ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
